Add LeafCutterLabs bigKNOBv2 (#9615)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/leafcutterlabs/bigknobv2/readme.md

# bigknobv2

> ![](https://i.imgur.com/8ZBC23k.jpg)
> ![](https://i.imgur.com/I0IOA76.jpg)

Reviewer: Only showing one image, and a smaller version at that.

```suggestion
![](https://i.imgur.com/I0IOA76l.jpg)
```

Macropad Media Controller with USB-C + RGB underglow + Hotswap and support for up to 40mm knob

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Craig Gardner](https://github.com/leafcutterlabs)
* Hardware Supported: bigknobv2
* Hardware Availability: [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/comments/gp8y3y/uscahbigknobv2_prototype_usbc_qmk_4_key_hotswap/)

Notes:

* Due to a hardware error, USB-C is not reversible (i.e., it only works in one orientation)

> * Due to `TAP_DANCE_ENABLE = yes`, the [QMK Configurator](https://config.qmk.fm/) will not be able to compile firmware (i.e., you must compile manually)

Reviewer: This is only true if you enable Tap Dance at the keyboard level; Configurator's API ignores `rules.mk` files at the keymap level, so it will be able to compile firmware for this board (but without any tap dances or encoder functionality).

```suggestion
* Due to the use of Tap Dance, [QMK Configurator](https://config.qmk.fm/) will not be able to compile fully-featured firmware (i.e., you must compile manually).
```
